Do you know what time it is?
Most of us are conscious of time every day.
We have a time to go to work, a time to go to school, a time to eat,
a time for our Christian meetings,
and even a time for association with our dear friends.
As the great time keeper, Jehovah reminds us at Ecclesiastes
at chapter 3 and verse 1 that there is a proper time for everything.
And thus it's not surprising that the Bible speaks of the right time for various events.
For example, at Leviticus chapter 26 and verse 4,
Jehovah promised the obedient Israelites that he would bless them with showers of rain at the proper time.
Well, that's just a detail probably for most of us.
But if you've ever lived in a farming community or you've done farming yourself,
you know that rain at the right time can give you a bumper crop.
But rain at the wrong time can completely destroy that same crop.
Even words can be spoken at the right time.
Proverbs 15 verse 23 says,
A word spoken at the right time, how good it is.
Truly, it is a fundamental principle that timing is everything.
Well, think for a moment about prophesied events that took place right on time.
Jesus was baptized at precisely the time when the Messiah was prophesied to appear.
The kingdom began its heavenly rule right on time in 1914.
And looking to the future, Jesus said that Jehovah has set the time,
even the exact day and the hour for the end of this wicked system of things.
Does the governing body know when Armageddon is going to come?
Yes, we do.
It's going to come right on time.
We have full confidence in that, don't we?
That Jehovah is going to bring about those earth-shaking events exactly on time.
But there's something else that Jehovah has promised to provide at the proper time.
Would you go in your Bibles?
Let's look at Matthew chapter 24 and verse 45.
Now here, Jesus posed this question, who really is the faithful and discreet slave,
whom his master appointed over his domestics to give them their food at the proper time?
Happy is that slave if his master on coming finds him doing so.
Truly, I say to you, he will appoint him over all his belongings.
Well, what did Jesus say here?
He said he would appoint a faithful and discreet slave,
who would provide the spiritual food, but there's another important detail there.
Did you notice it?
He added at the proper time.
Well, because of Jehovah's perfect sense of time, he knows exactly what his people need
and he knows exactly the right time to provide it.
Now, just consider a couple of examples of this.
Just as World War II was erupting, the November 1, 1939 issue of the Watchtower
featured an in-depth discussion of the topic of neutrality.
That timing was absolutely perfect.
Because of those articles, our brothers worldwide knew exactly what to do
as the war engulfed the entire planet.
Well, after the war, as the organization was rapidly growing,
Jehovah's organization arranged large international conventions that were held in New York City
in 1958, a quarter of a million people, can you imagine?
Overflowed Yankee Stadium and the Polo Grounds.
Were any of you there?
Well, it's so wonderful. We still have a few people there.
It's not that I wasn't in the truth at that time.
It's just I wasn't in the world at that time.
Well, that amazing convention came just on time.
It energized God's people and we could say it put Jehovah's Witnesses on the map.
It was hard to ignore a convention of a quarter of a million people.
Well, fast forward to 2020 and a time when the world was engulfed in a global pandemic.
Large gatherings were prohibited in most countries.
Could we go to Yankee Stadium and have 250,000 people know, but right on time.
Jehovah guided the Faithland Discrete Slave so that our worldwide brotherhood could enjoy the convention program from home.
Truly spiritual food at the proper time.
And during the pandemic, we've had to change our methods, haven't we?
We've had to receive direction about how to carry out our preaching work and how to carry out our congregation meetings.
But throughout this period, we have received powerful, powerful evidence that Jehovah has given this direction to us at the proper time.
Now, let me just give you a couple of examples.
During the 2021 service year, at least 22 branches have reported an all-time peak in the number of publishers.
Can you imagine during the pandemic?
For example, the Korea branch has reported a new peak in publishers every month during the 2021 service year.
Isn't that amazing during a pandemic?
And with so many wonderful things happening in the field, I'm sure that you're all wondering about our worldwide memorial attendance for 2021.
Well, by the undeserved kindness of our amazing God, Jehovah, we have reached an all-time peak crossing the 21 million mark.
Would you like to know the exact figure?
Well, keep on the watch. It'll be announced today at the proper time.
Well, today in our program, we are going to have a wonderful buffet of rich spiritual food of many varieties and types.
And by the end of the program, I'm sure that you'll agree that it was just what we needed at this moment in time.
And by the end of the program, I'm sure that you'll agree that the number of